[Commercial]: accessibility as well as banking products and services to Brazos Valley citizens.
[Commercial]: First National Bank.
[Commercial]: First, always.
[Music.]
[Tom Turbiville]: Hello and welcome to Veterans of the Valley.
[Tom Turbiville]: I'm Tom Turbiville.
[Tom Turbiville]: Cal Boykin was born in New Mexico.
[Tom Turbiville]: He grew up in Big Spring, Aggie class of 1946.
[Tom Turbiville]: But like many, his actual graduation came after his World War II service as a proud member of the 814th Tank Destroyer Battalion following Patton's Third Army through France and Belgium and Holland.
[Tom Turbiville]: Today, we continue our visit with Sergeant Cal Boykin of College Station.
[Tom Turbiville]: Cal, it is wonderful to have you back and just sort of by review for the people who might have missed last week, and I'm sorry that they did.
[Tom Turbiville]: 814th Tank Battalion.
[Tom Turbiville]: Again, you grew up in Big Spring.
[Tom Turbiville]: You went to A&M.
[Tom Turbiville]: You went into the service.
[Tom Turbiville]: You thought you were going to be in the Air Corps, but that got changed.
[Tom Turbiville]: And you had your training at Camp Hood and also at Camp Hope.
[Tom Turbiville]: Talk just a little bit about the tank battalions, what they were and sort of what your missions were.
[Calvin Boykin]: Well, they were really tank destroyer battalions.
[Calvin Boykin]: And they look like tanks, and if you watch any documentary, about a third of those that you see are tank destroyers rather than tanks.
[Calvin Boykin]: We've often said if we had a coaxial camera there showing the rounds where we would knock out a tank,
[Calvin Boykin]: that we'd be more popular than the 8th Air Force.
[Calvin Boykin]: But it didn't work out.
[Calvin Boykin]: Exactly.
[Calvin Boykin]: But anyway, we were to destroy tanks, German tanks.
[Calvin Boykin]: The doctrine called for solid being reserved and then move up and hit that big task force or this big frontal attack by all these heavy tanks.
[Calvin Boykin]: But it didn't work out that way.
[Calvin Boykin]: The Germans began to use fewer tanks.
[Calvin Boykin]: They had fewer tanks.
[Calvin Boykin]: and they used combined arms, you know, infantry and artillery and tanks and then air if they had it.
[Calvin Boykin]: And so we had to be integrated into infantry divisions
[Calvin Boykin]: or armored divisions.
[Calvin Boykin]: In our case, we were integrated into the 7th Armored Division after we landed in France.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: We talked last week about that you went over to England, you were trained at Packington Park, and then you went over, landed at Utah Beach, Normandy about two months after D-Day.
[Tom Turbiville]: And take us from there and your push.
[Tom Turbiville]: It was a rather quick push because you were following Patton and he was always in a hurry.
[Tom Turbiville]: And your push through France and Holland and Belgium and on into Germany.
[Calvin Boykin]: Well, in fact, we went through the old World War I battlefields.
[Calvin Boykin]: Really?
[Calvin Boykin]: Our division took Chateau Therese, Verdun, and on until we ran out of gas, just outran the supply.
[Calvin Boykin]: And so we had enough diesel for our M10s, that is our
[Calvin Boykin]: of tank destroyers, but we couldn't go it alone.
[Calvin Boykin]: And so we had to rest just for a little while.
[Calvin Boykin]: And this is when a truck showed up and took us over to one of the cemeteries at St.
[Calvin Boykin]: May Hill.
[Calvin Boykin]: American cemetery from World War I. And we visited and viewed it almost.
[Calvin Boykin]: And it was kept just like you'd see it today, probably.
[Calvin Boykin]: You know, nicely mowed and green and all that.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right, right.
[Calvin Boykin]: And then we visited a trench of bayonets where the trenches caved down on these French infantrymen before they went over the top.
[Calvin Boykin]: And the bayonets still stick there.
[Tom Turbiville]: Wow.
[Calvin Boykin]: Now, I didn't see that personally, but others in my group did,
[Calvin Boykin]: did see that.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: You were a sergeant on an M8 armored car, a 37 millimeter gun, 30 caliber machine gun.
[Tom Turbiville]: I want to go to August the 18th, I believe it was, and a task force mission that you told me about.
[Tom Turbiville]: Talk about that.
[Calvin Boykin]: Well, we were combat command A of the 7th Armored ordered us forward to take
[Calvin Boykin]: Rambouillet.
[Calvin Boykin]: Now, there was another College Station man, turned out later, Colonel Vernon Files.
[Calvin Boykin]: He was a lieutenant.
[Calvin Boykin]: He took another task force, but we went on the right-hand side and he went on the left-hand side in the big wall surrounding the Rambouillet Castle, the summer home of the French presidents.
[Calvin Boykin]: We never saw the castle because we were worried what happened because some cavalrymen had been ambushed there the day before.
[Calvin Boykin]: And a number of them were killed.
[Calvin Boykin]: And one of the cavalrymen hollered up at us, watch that 88.
[Calvin Boykin]: And sure enough, it fired.
[Calvin Boykin]: Missed us by inches, hit the wall.
[Calvin Boykin]: We backed into the wall.
[Calvin Boykin]: Of course, I was trying to get, see where it is.
[Calvin Boykin]: Where is that gun?
[Calvin Boykin]: It fired again, and I saw it.
[Calvin Boykin]: That, I don't think it was 88.
[Calvin Boykin]: Everybody thought all guns were 88s, but it was probably 75 maybe.
[Calvin Boykin]: But it just traveled like a torpedo across that dusty fallow field and came right underneath us and went out through the wall.
[Calvin Boykin]: Well, I took aim and about ready to fire Marvin Moser, the driver of Lieutenant Fuqua's Jeep, just ahead of mine.
[Calvin Boykin]: Came back, and he was in the sights, so I had to pull back.
[Calvin Boykin]: And by that time, I'd lost any way of being accurate, so I just fired.
[Calvin Boykin]: And, of course, the armor-piercing shell with a tracer, you can see it bent about 30 feet over.
[Calvin Boykin]: But at least it gave us time to get out of the line of fire.
[Calvin Boykin]: They fired a couple more times, but they were wild.
[Calvin Boykin]: And I went back there, Rosemary and I did, in 97, and there was an American Eagle monument to all the soldiers who were killed.
[Calvin Boykin]: I think there were nine in all at that ambush.
[Calvin Boykin]: And one was a pilot, and I had seen that P-47 Thunderbolt go down.
[Calvin Boykin]: flames coming out of the cowl.
[Calvin Boykin]: I could see the pilot just clear as day.
[Calvin Boykin]: He seemed to be unconscious, and it crashed.
[Calvin Boykin]: Well, the French took care of the body until the grave registration people could show.
[Calvin Boykin]: Francois, early history of the liberation of Rambouillet, and she managed to get people to come and...
[Calvin Boykin]: for one of the ceremonies.
[Calvin Boykin]: They have two a year, one on D-Day and one on Liberation Day of Rambouillet.
[Calvin Boykin]: And included in that group was a sister of the pilot whose plane I had seen go down.
[Calvin Boykin]: And later on, she from Illinois, she was down in the valley for the winter, she and her husband,
[Calvin Boykin]: And I went and I visited, and we had quite a little session.
[Calvin Boykin]: I was the first person she had talked to who had remembered seeing the plane go down.
[Calvin Boykin]: Wow.
[Calvin Boykin]: And if there was any consolation, all I could say was,
[Calvin Boykin]: I think he'd ever knew what happened when he was probably out.
[Tom Turbiville]: That was important for her to know.
[Tom Turbiville]: That must have been an amazing experience for her to meet you.
[Tom Turbiville]: Indeed.
[Calvin Boykin]: But there are a lot of coincidence in this business.
[Tom Turbiville]: Indeed there is.
[Tom Turbiville]: I'll tell you what we're going to do right now.
[Tom Turbiville]: I want to go to some photographs right now because I've got a lot more that I want to.
[Tom Turbiville]: talk to you about your service.
[Tom Turbiville]: But I want to go to some photographs, some of the ones we saw last week, so this will be by review.
[Tom Turbiville]: And we'll go ahead and go to those right now.
[Tom Turbiville]: We saw this one last week.
[Tom Turbiville]: We'll do it again for people who didn't see the show last week.
[Tom Turbiville]: This was taken at Camp Hood, is that right?
[Calvin Boykin]: Right, North Camp Hood.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: And that's the patch of your unit.
[Tom Turbiville]: The seven means it's attached to the 7th Armored Division.
[Calvin Boykin]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: Okay, let's move on to the next photograph.
[Calvin Boykin]: That was in Belgium near Spa.
[Calvin Boykin]: Right after I got out of the field hospital with a hand infection, my right hand was
[Calvin Boykin]: I was in pretty bad shape, but it's okay.
[Tom Turbiville]: And this was the kind of weather that you hear people talk about at the Battle of the Bulge.
[Tom Turbiville]: This was the kind of snow.
[Tom Turbiville]: That was it.
[Tom Turbiville]: This was like in February.
[Tom Turbiville]: Okay, let's move on.
[Tom Turbiville]: This was the book that we talked about last week, the book about tanks, where that is actually a replacement tank that you found yourself on.
[Tom Turbiville]: You're in that picture.
[Tom Turbiville]: You're there in the top turret with the helmet sort of looking at the camera, and you didn't even know this picture had been taken until it showed up on the cover of the book.
[Calvin Boykin]: Well, we were looking pretty serious and pretty cold.
[Tom Turbiville]: Exactly.
[Calvin Boykin]: But we were on a recon mission and probably one of the first after we had pulled out of St.
[Calvin Boykin]: Vic.
[Calvin Boykin]: St.
[Calvin Boykin]: Vic was the major stumbling block that the Germans had to get over if they could.
[Calvin Boykin]: Anyway, Task Force Jones, we came out.
[Calvin Boykin]: I lost my armored car.
[Calvin Boykin]: It crashed through the ice and
[Calvin Boykin]: We were trying to set it on fire, didn't work, and a German tank came up and finished the job and we left.
[Tom Turbiville]: Let's move on to the next picture because here's some new.
[Tom Turbiville]: Will Rogers, Jr.
[Tom Turbiville]: was a member of the 814th.
[Tom Turbiville]: He was the same unit that you were in.
[Tom Turbiville]: And talk about him because he is somebody that you profile in your book.
[Tom Turbiville]: This is the son of the great American humorous Will Rogers.
[Calvin Boykin]: Well, of course, he earlier had been elected to Congress.
[Calvin Boykin]: He'd been in the Army, had a commission.
[Calvin Boykin]: He was serving, I think, at Camp Hood in the unit training center.
[Calvin Boykin]: But he was elected, and then he resigned his commission, went into Congress.
[Calvin Boykin]: Now, Congress, he worked on the soldiers' voting bill, and then he...
[Calvin Boykin]: did some other things about trying to bring the Jews of Eastern Europe into the U.S.
[Calvin Boykin]: using Jewish money.
[Calvin Boykin]: And those two bills completely failed.
[Calvin Boykin]: And it didn't have the support from the State Department and I don't know what all.
[Calvin Boykin]: But anyway, he was demoralized, I gather, because that was when he resigned his seat in Congress and joined us while we were in England
[Calvin Boykin]: He joined the 814th in recon company commanding the first platoon.
[Calvin Boykin]: I was in the second platoon.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: He later became an actor.
[Tom Turbiville]: Matter of fact, played his father in many movies and also was in the television.
[Tom Turbiville]: I'm old enough to remember him when he was in television.
[Tom Turbiville]: As a matter of fact, he's quite a resemblance to his dad, of course, also.
[Tom Turbiville]: Let's move on to the next picture.
[Tom Turbiville]: We'll talk more about Will Rogers later.
[Tom Turbiville]: This is a reunion picture.
[Tom Turbiville]: You are the third from the right or fourth from the left, whichever way you want to count.
[Tom Turbiville]: And I will say that you were a larger man back then.
[Calvin Boykin]: I think so.
[Tom Turbiville]: You're looking quite trim right now, I'll tell you that.
[Tom Turbiville]: Talk about this reunion picture and where it was taken.
[Calvin Boykin]: Well, this was in Savannah, Missouri.
[Calvin Boykin]: And we didn't have reunions up until about, oh, I guess 18 years ago.
[Calvin Boykin]: And then we had one every year.
[Calvin Boykin]: And believe it or not, they were organized.
[Calvin Boykin]: and formed, the addresses were found and whatnot, notifications by the second section sergeant, Carol Christmas.
[Calvin Boykin]: And I was the other section sergeant of second platoon.
[Calvin Boykin]: He held the reunions.
[Calvin Boykin]: I wrote the book.
[Calvin Boykin]: These two monkeys, you know, we did our best for the 814th.
[Tom Turbiville]: I know these are all great reunions, and these pictures are all in your book.
[Tom Turbiville]: Let's move on.
[Tom Turbiville]: I think we've got some more pictures.
[Tom Turbiville]: This is a picture that was taken at Camp Hood.
[Tom Turbiville]: When was this taken?
[Tom Turbiville]: And this is you standing in front of an MA armored car.
[Calvin Boykin]: This was your vehicle.
[Calvin Boykin]: Oh, I guess a number of years ago, probably 20 years ago.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Calvin Boykin]: But it was the first cavalry museum, I believe.
[Calvin Boykin]: And the Tankless Warrior Museum artifacts are in the Fourth Infantry Museum now.
[Calvin Boykin]: And there are some vehicles, the M18, the M10, and the two M10s.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: That was your vehicle there.
[Calvin Boykin]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: You knew everything about that.
[Calvin Boykin]: That's right.
[Tom Turbiville]: Here's you and Rosemary at one of the reunions.
[Tom Turbiville]: Where was that taken, do you recall?
[Calvin Boykin]: That would have been in 95.
[Calvin Boykin]: No, yeah, 95, I believe, because that's when it brought the book.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: distribute right up when you wrote the book Rosemary your wife of 61 years right and quite a quite a career that she had also we'll talk about her and your family a little bit later on see if we have any more nope that's it that's all the photographs I wanted to get those and get the people to see those because there's some other stories that I want you to tell I want to make sure that that
[Tom Turbiville]: You have time to tell this whole story because I think it's just a fascinating story.
[Tom Turbiville]: I want you to talk about, I'm just going to let you take it.
[Tom Turbiville]: I want you to talk about Annie and Theo.
[Calvin Boykin]: Okay.
[Calvin Boykin]: When we moved from Metz with the 3rd Army, we transferred up to Holland with the 9th Army and then with the 2nd British Army.
[Calvin Boykin]: And we were camped just outside of Maastricht.
[Calvin Boykin]: Maastricht is an old Roman city.
[Calvin Boykin]: It's probably the oldest city in Holland.
[Calvin Boykin]: right in the very south, Belgium on the border, Germany over here.
[Calvin Boykin]: It's a little different part of Holland, but it's a fine city.
[Calvin Boykin]: We got word that they were going to, the girls, English-speaking girls of Maastricht, were going to hold a dance for 7th Armored Boys, you know.
[Calvin Boykin]: Well, I went to the dance.
[Calvin Boykin]: Most of my platoon and people I knew were married, and they didn't care about this sort of thing at that time.
[Calvin Boykin]: And so I went.
[Calvin Boykin]: And I visited last week that hall, the Grand Theater, where the dance was held.
[Calvin Boykin]: Mirrors on the wall, chandeliers.
[Calvin Boykin]: I had washed my clothes in gasoline, getting ready to go.
[Calvin Boykin]: And here I showed up in that environment.
[Calvin Boykin]: It was completely different.
[Calvin Boykin]: And here was Annie in her blue dress and so on.
[Calvin Boykin]: I danced with her.
[Calvin Boykin]: danced with her probably all evening, and then she asked me to come and visit her and her family, her family, mother and father, two brothers, and her father was a chef.
[Calvin Boykin]: I can relate to that being in a hotel business, and we had a lot of things to talk about.
[Calvin Boykin]: Her mother was German, but she talked to me constantly and made me understand what she wanted.
[Calvin Boykin]: She was quite a lady.
[Calvin Boykin]: But I almost missed her because the way she gave 31, I thought it was 37, you know, how they make a one.
[Calvin Boykin]: And I almost missed her, and a couple of GIs said, well, that's 31, not 37.
[Calvin Boykin]: So I went back, and anyway.
[Tom Turbiville]: You almost had the wrong address.
[Calvin Boykin]: Yeah, and we visited quite a long time.
[Calvin Boykin]: Several times, I'd get to leave, and then we were gone.
[Calvin Boykin]: And when we were called back down into the Bulls on the 17th of December,
[Calvin Boykin]: why I thought we were gonna go through Maastricht and I'd bail out and go see Annie.
[Calvin Boykin]: But it didn't work out that way.
[Calvin Boykin]: But I did visit her a number of times because after the war, we were in occupation.
[Calvin Boykin]: The 7th Armored went home.
[Calvin Boykin]: Hasbrook took his division home, left us in occupation.
[Calvin Boykin]: And I was taking a group to Brussels
[Calvin Boykin]: on leave, we stopped at the railway station in Maastricht and I looked and I said, Tim, I'll see you boys in Brussels.
[Calvin Boykin]: And so I, I visited with Annie and then I rendezvous them
[Calvin Boykin]: with them a couple days later somehow.
[Calvin Boykin]: But she was engaged to Theo Bromans.
[Calvin Boykin]: This was Annie Sanders, Theo Bromans.
[Calvin Boykin]: He was a engineer, safety engineer for the Dutch state mines in Haerland, just north.
[Calvin Boykin]: And we used to go up to Haerland for showers at least a couple times in the mines.
[Calvin Boykin]: But I never met him.
[Calvin Boykin]: But he was an individual.
[Calvin Boykin]: He was talented.
[Calvin Boykin]: He played his guitar.
[Calvin Boykin]: He was there at the liberation of Maastricht on the 14th of September.
[Calvin Boykin]: Had an American helmet on.
[Calvin Boykin]: I have a picture.
[Calvin Boykin]: He has this American helmet.
[Calvin Boykin]: His twin sister is sitting there in a jeep with some GIs.
[Calvin Boykin]: And so...
[Tom Turbiville]: You hadn't met him, but you had something in common, and that was Annie.
[Calvin Boykin]: That's right.
[Calvin Boykin]: And he always reminded me, he says, I won.
[Calvin Boykin]: But, you know, of course, I started taking foreign assignments, and when that happened, well, we were able to come back through.
[Calvin Boykin]: In 1970, we had our first visit with both Annie and Theo, and it went well because we toured
[Calvin Boykin]: the Peel Marsh area in Holland where we fought, and we toured the Ardennes where we fought, the St.
[Calvin Boykin]: Vit, the Salem Chateau, where I lost my armored car, and Dilsom.
[Calvin Boykin]: And I was there last week.
[Calvin Boykin]: And we laid a few wreaths and so on.
[Calvin Boykin]: It's interesting.
[Tom Turbiville]: Your daughter, Ann, emailed me this, talking about this, and she wrote,
[Tom Turbiville]: Theo knew of the attraction, but stayed in the background, also feeling a sense of debt to the soldiers.
[Tom Turbiville]: So he, although he knew of the attraction, it was.
[Calvin Boykin]: Well, see, Theo, when they closed the mines down, he became the public relations officer for the city.
[Calvin Boykin]: Now, that's a pretty responsible job because the queen comes and he makes the arrangements.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Calvin Boykin]: And then, as he said, the GIs come and they want to,
[Calvin Boykin]: Well, whatever happened to Helga?
[Calvin Boykin]: And he says, well, Helga, who?
[Calvin Boykin]: Well, I don't know, but she lived over, and he'd help trace down these, and then here comes Boykin.
[Calvin Boykin]: Where is Eddie?
[Calvin Boykin]: But anyway, he had a good sense of humor.
[Tom Turbiville]: And this was all before you met Rosemary.
[Tom Turbiville]: And after you and Rosemary got married, the remarkable thing about this is that
[Tom Turbiville]: You all became friends.
[Calvin Boykin]: That's right.
[Calvin Boykin]: We stayed friends.
[Tom Turbiville]: The two couples.
[Calvin Boykin]: Right.
[Calvin Boykin]: Now, sadly, Theo passed away in 99.
[Calvin Boykin]: Her two brothers had passed away and one son had.
[Tom Turbiville]: But talk about before he passed away, what happened in 1989 involving the show Good Morning America.
[Calvin Boykin]: That's right.
[Calvin Boykin]: The Good Morning America show came to Holland.
[Calvin Boykin]: I don't know where else they were going, but they interviewed the captain with the 30th Old Hickory Division, which liberated Maastricht.
[Calvin Boykin]: And they interviewed Theo.
[Calvin Boykin]: Well, Theo, you know, they would say, well, what a jubilant time it was, everybody singing, dancing, and everything.
[Calvin Boykin]: But Theo, no, he looks over to the trucks bringing the bodies to Margreton Cemetery for burial, and he had a few things to say about that.
[Calvin Boykin]: And he was very...
[Calvin Boykin]: serious about these things.
[Calvin Boykin]: And he said the infantryman never smiled, he never saw.
[Calvin Boykin]: He said these others, even yourself, he would, you smiled every day.
[Calvin Boykin]: But now one thing I might mention
[Calvin Boykin]: is in 1976.
[Calvin Boykin]: Well, anyway, I'll continue this.
[Calvin Boykin]: They asked him, well, are you still in touch with Americans?
[Calvin Boykin]: Oh, yeah.
[Calvin Boykin]: Calvin and Rosemary Boykin, College Station, Texas, 814th Tank Destroyer.
[Calvin Boykin]: And we got a tape of that because my son Clay called Phoenix, and they...
[Calvin Boykin]: taped it over there because it's an hour later and we have a copy of it.
[Tom Turbiville]: Yeah.
[Tom Turbiville]: You and your wife were out of the country at the time of this, but your family had seen it because they were at your father's funeral in Austin at the time.
[Calvin Boykin]: That's right.
[Calvin Boykin]: They had seen it that day.
[Calvin Boykin]: And the grandchildren, well, they're talking about Cal, you know.
[Calvin Boykin]: I'm not Grandpa, I'm Cal, you know.
[Calvin Boykin]: That irritates some of our group, but I don't think, I don't worry about it.
[Calvin Boykin]: The Bostrick boys would take a torch and run it from Normandy all the way to Bostrick.
[Calvin Boykin]: On September the 14th, they would arrive and they would light that torch.
[Calvin Boykin]: And so on in the 76, they came, they flew to Washington, lit that torch and ran it down to Washington and put it on the steps of the Capitol in honor of our bicentennial.
[Calvin Boykin]: Wow.
[Calvin Boykin]: And then Theo came, visited us.
[Calvin Boykin]: I picked him up in Houston.
[Calvin Boykin]: I took him to the San Juicino battlegrounds.
[Calvin Boykin]: I said, this is where the revolution was fought.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Calvin Boykin]: The real revolution.
[Tom Turbiville]: Why don't you talk about after your service and you came back to the United States and your beautiful wife, Rosemary, and when you met her and how that developed in 61 years you've been married now.
[Calvin Boykin]: I started back at A&M at Range and Forestry.
[Calvin Boykin]: And I was a sophomore, Rosemary was a senior at SMU.
[Calvin Boykin]: She was going to become a medical artist, and she had combined things there in such a way that she could do that.
[Calvin Boykin]: And then she belonged to a sorority, and she had a big function going on.
[Calvin Boykin]: And my good friend in medical school, my good friend from Rochelle, his wife, his girlfriend, really, what would have become his wife, but she was in medical school and a good friend of the Rosemary's.
[Calvin Boykin]: And she...
[Calvin Boykin]: insisted, or both of them, that we double date that night, that I'd be a blind date.
[Calvin Boykin]: Well, Rosemary's aunt came along and made sure this happened, thanks to her.
[Calvin Boykin]: Rosemary and I met, and we dated every weekend, I guess you could say, that Sunbeam, I ought to have stock in that.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Calvin Boykin]: But we met in March.
[Calvin Boykin]: We married 30th of June.
[Calvin Boykin]: Wow.
[Calvin Boykin]: And then she helped me graduate.
[Calvin Boykin]: She worked for Oceanography Department.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Calvin Boykin]: And...
[Calvin Boykin]: for several years.
[Tom Turbiville]: Evans Library I think she worked for.
[Tom Turbiville]: Spacecraft Oceanography.
[Tom Turbiville]: And as we mentioned I believe in the last show that she's published her own history of Brazos Valley Italians.
[Calvin Boykin]: In honor of her own heritage.
[Calvin Boykin]: And the history of her family.
[Calvin Boykin]: And she did a tape of all the ships that left Palermo, Sicily, with Italians.
[Calvin Boykin]: landed in New Orleans.
[Calvin Boykin]: And all the Italians from here, practically, came, their predecessors came from New Orleans over here.
[Calvin Boykin]: And many of their names are on the ship's logs.
[Calvin Boykin]: Well, Rosemary recorded all those for I don't know how many ships and for how many years, but a lot of them, and put them on tape, on a CD.
[Calvin Boykin]: And so she's been, they still sail.
[Calvin Boykin]: Birds of passage, she calls it.
[Calvin Boykin]: Birds of passage.
[Calvin Boykin]: Yeah.
[Tom Turbiville]: You have four children, seven grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren.
[Tom Turbiville]: I know that you're proud of your whole family.
[Calvin Boykin]: That's right.
[Calvin Boykin]: It's been something.
[Tom Turbiville]: It has indeed.
[Tom Turbiville]: Your career, and I wish we had a whole other show to talk about your post-military career, but obviously it involved a lot of travel.
[Tom Turbiville]: For 10 years, you all spent most of that 10 years out of the country.
[Calvin Boykin]: Right.
[Calvin Boykin]: We were two years in Syria.
[Calvin Boykin]: and four years in Botswana, four years in Lesotho, both of those in Southern Africa.
[Calvin Boykin]: And then I had some short term assignments, three months or so in Iran, Pakistan, Somalia, and Ecuador, and Yemen.
[Calvin Boykin]: And I kind of get upset.
[Calvin Boykin]: Nobody asks me anymore to take a consultancy or anything.
[Tom Turbiville]: Eventually you retired from the Texas Agriculture Extension Service.
[Calvin Boykin]: That's right.
[Calvin Boykin]: Because I had worked for them and I had worked for the experiment station earlier.
[Calvin Boykin]: And I had enough time to retire.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Calvin Boykin]: And then also USDA, Economic Research Service, that worked.
[Calvin Boykin]: And I was posted in the Ag Economics Department most of the time here.
[Tom Turbiville]: Right.
[Tom Turbiville]: When you look back at your career and you sort of sum it up in your mind and your thoughts, obviously you're proud of your service and proud of the people you served with.
[Calvin Boykin]: Right.
[Calvin Boykin]: And I've always liked to keep in touch.
[Calvin Boykin]: Obviously.
[Calvin Boykin]: And people I know whose friendships I value, we've had South Africans visit us here.
[Calvin Boykin]: from the Orange Free State, University of Orange Free State, two different couples have come and visited with us.
[Tom Turbiville]: Cal Boykin, I want to thank you for your service.
[Tom Turbiville]: We are out of time.
[Tom Turbiville]: Like I said, we could spend a lot of time, but you've had a remarkable life.
[Tom Turbiville]: Okay.
[Tom Turbiville]: And thank you.
[Tom Turbiville]: Cowboykin's service, both as a gunner aboard his M8 armored car and his post-World War II civilian service, is the kind of stuff of which our community can be forever proud.
[Tom Turbiville]: We salute him for his service as we salute all veterans.
[Tom Turbiville]: I'm Tom Turbiville.
[Tom Turbiville]: Please join us next time on Veterans of the Valley.
[Tom Turbiville]: I'll always remember this one.
[Tom Turbiville]: This will be good.
[Tom Turbiville]: This is a great book.
[Tom Turbiville]: All right.
[Tom Turbiville]: Okay, let's look at that camera.
[Tom Turbiville]: Here we go.
[Tom Turbiville]: This is actually the same.
[Tom Turbiville]: Kyle, this is the same one as last time, but I'm going to go ahead and do it for you again so you'll have it on the same tape.
[Tom Turbiville]: Okay?
[Tom Turbiville]: Okay.
[Tom Turbiville]: Actually, I think it's a little bit different.
[Tom Turbiville]: Anyway, here we go.
[Tom Turbiville]: The 814th Tank Destroyer Battalion was attached to Patton's Army during the Allies' final push through Europe at the end of World War II.
[Tom Turbiville]: And College Station's Cal Boykin was a gunner riding high on an M8 armored car, a historian, an author, a soldier.
[Tom Turbiville]: We will wrap up our visit with Cal Boykin on Veterans of the Valley, Friday at 8.30, Saturday and Sunday at 6.30, right here on KAMU-TV.
[Tom Turbiville]: Very good.
[Tom Turbiville]: One more round.
[Tom Turbiville]: Time to talk for the safety.
[Tom Turbiville]: That will be a night.
[Tom Turbiville]: Good.
[Tom Turbiville]: The 814th Tank Destroyer Battalion was attached to Patton's Army during the Allies' final push through Europe at the end of World War II, and College Station's Cal Boykin was a gunner riding high on an M8 armored car.
[Tom Turbiville]: a historian, an author, a soldier.
[Tom Turbiville]: We wrap up our visit with Cal Boykin on Veterans of the Valley, Friday at 8.30, Saturday and Sunday at 6.30, right here on KAMU-TV.
[Tom Turbiville]: That's it.
[Tom Turbiville]: He's going to give us a final, everything's okay.